We decided to implement this program in React because there is a lot of interaction that comes with SquareTable, so React allows users to interact very easily with the website without the risk of facing many problems. The project is divided into several files in the codespace, including all of the CSS files, which make the website visually appealing, the restaurant portfolios (named S1, S2, S3... for simplicity), and all of the functions that come with the website (posting a review, editing an account profile, deleting a review, etc). Although this site has features implemented in HTML, CSS, SQL, and even JavaScript, we rely on react because of its accessibility for users. 

The API Supabase is a database administrator that manages the database and POSTGRESQL, which is an open-source database management system that handles more complex queries. Additionally, we implemented an API because users can sign up for SquareTable with their Google accounts, and verifying their SquareTable account through Gmail. 

All of the Javascript files are accessible with CSS files and we stored these in a file called 'pages,' so that from an administrative standpoint everything was very easily accessible if we needed to edit a file or add a file. Along with these files are SQL databases. The databases are split up into profile (name, email, phone number, class year, and house/dorm) (and that information is saved forever in case we need to access the profile), and reviews of restaurants (name, email, restaurant review), and the email in this case is a clickable link that, if a user wants to email a compatible user, they have access to that link to the email where they read the review that prompted them to reach out. We call these SQL databases when displaying the user's profile, as well as when posting a user's review for a given restaurant. 

As far as routing our pages works, we decided to set up a browser router that is imported as a router, and all of the sites are routed with paths that then grab the function as the element of those paths, and renders it. A user is able to navigate from site to site easily because of the navigation bar, which links all of the separate pages together into one user-friendly section. 

Stylistically, we decided on the color scheme because it is so minimalistic. The motif on the black and white logo was held consistently throughout SquareTable's site, and it ensures that nothing on the website looks too clustered. We also decided on the About Us section as a shoutout to Homepage, and because a lot of professional companies have a biography on their site. 